Full transcript of Donald Trumps acceptance speech at the RNC | VoxSkip to main contentThe homepageVoxVox logoExplainersPoliticsCultureAdviceListenAudioWatchVideoMenuThe homepageVoxVox logoNavigation DrawercloseCloseSearchVideoWatchAudioListenCrosswordPlayExplainersPoliticsCultureAdviceScienceTechnologyClimateHealthMoneyLifeFuture PerfectNewslettersBecome a MemberLogin / Sign UpFacebookInstagramYoutubeRSSTikTokVoxVox logoFull transcript of Donald Trumps acceptance speech at the RNCWith 25 days left, we need your helpThe US presidential campaign is in its final weeks and were dedicated to helping you understand the stakes. In this election cycle, its more important than ever to provide context beyond the headlines. But in-depth reporting is costly, so to continue this vital work, we have an ambitious goal to add 5,000 new members.We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism. Will you support our work and become a Vox Member today?Support VoxPoliticsFull transcript of Donald Trumps acceptance speech at the RNCby  Brad PlumerUpdated Jul 22, 2016, 4:30 PM UTCFacebookLinkBelow is a complete transcript of Donald Trumps acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention on July 21, 2016. Also see our fact check of Trumps speech.Friends, delegates and fellow Americans: I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.Who would have believed that when we started this journey on June 16, last year, we  I say we because we are a team  would have received almost 14 million votes, the most in the history of the Republican party?And that the Republican Party would get 60 percent more votes than it received eight years ago. Who would have believed it? The Democrats on the other hand, received 20 percent fewer votes than they got four years ago, not so good.Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace. We will be a country of generosity and warmth. But we will also be a country of law and order.Our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities. Many have witnessed this violence personally. Some have even been its victims.I have a message for all of you: The crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon  and I mean very soon come to an end. Beginning on January 20th 2017, safety will be restored.The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its citizens. Any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to lead.It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state of our nation. I will present the facts plainly and honestly. We cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.So if you want to hear the corporate spin, the carefully-crafted lies, and the media myths  the Democrats are holding their convention next week. Go there.But here, at our convention, there will be no lies. We will honor the American people with the truth, and nothing else.These are the facts:Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now being reversed by this administrations rollback of criminal enforcement.Homicides last year increased by 17% in Americas fifty largest cities. Thats the largest increase in 25 years.In our nations capital, killings have risen by 50 percent. They are up nearly 60 percent in nearby Baltimore.In the presidents hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 have been the victims of shootings this year alone. And almost 4,000 have been killed in the Chicago area since he took office.The number of police officers killed in the line of duty has risen by almost 50 percent compared to this point last year.Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total of 2015.They are being released by the tens of thousands into our communities with no regard for the impact on public safety or resources.One such border-crosser was released and made his way to Nebraska. There, he ended the life of an innocent young girl named Sarah Root. She was 21 years old and was killed the day after graduating from college with a 4.0 grade point average. Her killer was then released a second time, and he is now a fugitive from the law. Ive met Sarahs beautiful family. But to this administration, their amazing daughter was just one more American life that wasnt worth protecting. One more child to sacrifice on the altar of open borders.What about our economy? Again, I will tell you the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your morning newspaper:Nearly four in 10 African-American children are living in poverty, while 58% of African-American youth are now not employed.2 million more Latinos are in poverty today than when the president took his oath of office eight years ago.Another 14 million people have left the workforce entirely.Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000. That is 16 years ago.Our trade deficit in goods reached  think of this  our trade deficit is $800 hundred billion dollars. Think of that. $800 billion last year alone. We will fix that.The budget is no better. President Obama has almost doubled our national debt to more than $19 trillion, and growing.Yet, what do we have to show for it? Our roads and bridges are falling apart, our airports are in third world condition, and 43 million Americans are on food stamps.Now let us consider the state of affairs abroad. Not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they have lived through one international humiliation after another. One after another.We all remember the images of our sailors being forced to their knees by their Iranian captors at gunpoint. This was just prior to the signing of the Iran deal, which gave back to Iran $150 billion and gave us absolutely nothing. It will go down in history as one of the worst deals ever negotiated.Another humiliation came when President Obama drew a red line in Syria and the whole world knew it meant absolutely nothing.In Libya, our consulate, the symbol of American prestige around the globe was brought down in flames.America is far less safe and the world is far less stable than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of Americas foreign policy. I am certain it is a decision he truly regrets.Her bad instincts and her bad judgment, something pointed out by Bernie Sanders are what caused the disasters unfolding today. Lets review the record.In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map. Libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful. Iraq had seen a big reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control.After four years of Hillary Clinton, what do we have? ISIS has spread across the region and the entire world. Libya is in ruins, and our ambassador and his staff were left helpless to die at the hands of savage killers. Egypt was turned over to the radical Muslim Brotherhood, forcing the military to retake control. Iraq is in chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war and a refugee crisis that now threatens the West. After 15 years of wars in the Middle East, after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost, the situation is worse than it has ever been before.This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: Death, destruction and terrorism and weakness.But Hillary Clintons legacy does not have to be Americas legacy. The problems we face now  poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad  will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them. A change in leadership is required to produce a change in outcomes.Tonight, I will share with you for action for America. The most important difference between our plan and that of our opponents, is that our plan will put America first. Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo.As long as we are led by politicians who will not put America first, then we can be assured that other nations will not treat America with respect. The respect that we deserve. The American people will come first once again.First, my plan will begin with safety at home which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders, and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity without law and order.On the economy, I will outline reforms to add millions of new jobs and trillions in new wealth that can be used to rebuild America.A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nations most powerful special interests. That is because these interests have rigged our political and economic system for their exclusive benefit. Believe me. It is for their benefit. For their benefit.Big business, elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because they know she will keep our rigged system in place. They are throwing money at her because they have total control over every single thing she does. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings. That is why Hillary Clintons message is that things will never change. Never ever.My message is that things have to change and they have to change right now. Every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that had been ignored, neglected and abandoned.I have visited the laid-off factory workers, and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. These are the forgotten men and women of our country, and they are forgotten, but they will not be forgotten long. These are people who work hard but no longer have a voice. I am your voice.I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good.I have no patience for injustice. No tolerance for government incompetence. When innocent people suffer, because our political system lacks the will, or the courage, or the basic decency to enforce our laws, or worse still, has sold out to some corporate lobbyist for cash I am not able to look the other way. And I wont look the other way.And when a Secretary of State illegally stores her emails on a private server, deletes 33,000 of them so the authorities cant see her crime, puts our country at risk, lies about it in every different form and faces no no consequence  I know that corruption has reached a level like never ever before in our country.When the FBI director says that the Secretary of State was extremely careless and negligent in handling our classified secrets, I also know that these terms are minor compared to what she actually did. They were just used to save her from facing justice for her terrible, terrible crimes.In fact, her single greatest accomplishment may be committing such an egregious crime and getting away with it, especially when others who have been far less have paid so dearly.When that same Secretary of State rakes in millions of dollars trading access and favors to special interests and foreign powers, I know the time for action has come.I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people that cannot defend themselves.Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it. I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders. He never had a chance.But his supporters will join our movement, because we will fix his biggest issue: Trade deals that strip our country of jobs and the distribution of wealth in the country.Millions of Democrats will join our movement, because we are going to fix the system so it works fairly and justly for each and every American.In this cause, I am proud to have at my side the next Vice President of the United States: Governor Mike Pence of Indiana. And a great guy. We will bring the same economic success to America that Mike brought Indiana, which is amazing. He is a man of character and accomplishment. He is the right man for the job.The first task for our new administration will be to liberate our citizens from the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens their  our communities.America was shocked to its core when our police officers in Dallas were so brutally executed. Immediately after Dallas, we have seen continued threats and violence against our law enforcement officials. Law officers have been shot or killed in recent days in Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, Michigan and Tennessee.On Sunday, more police were gunned down in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Three were killed, and three were very badly injured. An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans.I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police: When I take the oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country.I will work with, and appoint, the best prosecutors and law enforcement officials in the country to get the job properly done. In this race for the White House, I am the law and order candidate.The irresponsible rhetoric of our president, who has used the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and color, has made America a more dangerous environment than frankly, I have ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seeing.This administration has failed Americas inner cities. Remember, it has failed Americas inner cities. Its failed them on education. Its failed them on jobs. Its failed them on crime. Its failed them in every way and on every single level.When I am president, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally, and protected equally. Every action I take, I will ask myself: Does this make life better for young Americans in Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit, and Ferguson who have really come in every way, have the same right to live out their dreams as any other child in America?To make life safe in America, we must also address the growing threats from outside the country. We are going to defeat the barbarians of ISIS. And we are going to defeat them bad.Once again, France is the victim of brutal Islamic terrorism. Men, women and children viciously mowed down. Lives ruined. Families ripped apart. A nation in mourning. The damage and devastation that can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has been proven over and over. At the World Trade Center, at an office party in San Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon, and a military recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee. And many other locations.Only weeks ago, in Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans were savagely murdered by an Islamic terrorist. This time, the terrorist targeted LGBTQ community.No good. And were going to stop it. As your president, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology. Believe me. And I have to say as a Republican, it is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said. Thank you.To protect us from terrorism, we need to focus on three things.We must have the best, absolutely the best, gathering of intelligence anywhere in the world. The best.We must abandon the failed policy of nation- building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq, Libya, in Egypt, and Syria.Instead, we must work with all of our allies who share our goal of destroying ISIS and stamping out Islamic terrorism and doing it now, doing it quickly. Were going to win. Were going to win fast. This includes working with our greatest ally in the region, the state of Israel.Recently I have said that NATO was obsolete. Because it did not properly cover terror. And also that many of the member countries were not paying their fair share. As usual, the United States has been picking up the cost. Shortly thereafter, it was announced that NATO will be setting up a new program in order to combat terrorism. A true step in the right direction.Lastly, and very importantly, we must immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place. We dont want them in our country.My opponent has called for a radical 550 percent increase  think of this, this is not believable, but this is what is happening  a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country already under the leadership of president Obama.She proposes this despite the fact that theres no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from. I only want to admit individuals into our country who will support our values and love our people. Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome in our country and never ever will be.Decades of record immigration have produced lower wages and higher unemployment for our citizens, especially for African-American and Latino workers. We are going to have an immigration system that works, but one that works for the American people.On Monday, we heard from three parents whose children were killed by illegal immigrants Mary Ann Mendoza, Sabine Durden, and my friend Jamiel Shaw. They are just three brave representatives of many thousands who have suffered so greatly.Of all my travels in this country, nothing has affected me more, nothing even close than the time I have spent with the mothers and fathers who have lost their children to violence spilling across our borders, which we can solve. We have to solve it. These families have no special interests to represent them. There are no demonstrators to protect them and none too protest on their behalf.My opponent will never meet with them, or share in their pain. Believe me. Instead, my opponent wants sanctuary cities. But where was sanctuary for Kate Steinle? Where was sanctuary for the children of Mary Ann, Sabine and Jamiel? Is so sad to even be talking about this. We can solve it so quickly. Where was sanctuary for all the other Americans who have been so brutally murdered, and who have suffered so horribly? These wounded American families have been alone. But they are not alone any longer.Tonight, this candidate and this whole nation stand in their corner to support them, to send them our love, and to pledge in their honor that we will save countless more families from suffering the same awful fate.We are going to build a great border wall to stop illegal immigration, to stop the gangs and the violence, and to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities.I have been honored to receive the endorsement of Americas Border Patrol agents, and will work directly with them to protect the integrity of our lawful, lawful, immigration system.By ending catch-and-release on the border, we will stop the cycle of human smuggling and violence. Illegal border crossings will go down. We will stop it. It will not be happening very much anymore. Believe me.Peace will be restored by enforcing the rules for the millions who overstay their visas, our laws will finally receive the respect they deserve.Tonight, I want every American whose demands for immigration security have been denied and every politician who has denied them to listen very closely to the words I am about to say: On on January 20 of 2017, the day I take the oath of office, Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced.We are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone. But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens.My plan is the exact opposite of the radical and dangerous immigration policy of Hillary Clinton. Americans want relief from uncontrolled immigration. Which is what we have now. Communities want relief. Yet Hillary Clinton is proposing mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness.Her plan will overwhelm your schools and hospitals, further reduce your jobs and wages, and make it harder for recent immigrants to escape from the tremendous cycle of poverty they are going through right now and make it almost impossible for them to join the middle class.I have a different vision for our workers. It begins with a new, fair trade policy that protects our jobs and stands up to countries that cheat  of which there are many.Its been a signature message of my campaign from day one, and it will be a signature feature of my presidency from the moment I take the oath of office. I have made billions of dollars in business making deals. Now Im going to make our country rich again. Using the greatest businesspeople of the world, Im going to turn our bad trade agreements into great trade agreements.America has lost nearly-one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by bill and Hillary Clinton. Remember, it was Bill Clinton who signed NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals ever made by our country. Or frankly, any other country. Never ever again.I am going to bring our jobs back our jobs to Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York and Michigan and all of America and I am not going to let companies move to other countries, firing their employees along the way, without consequences. Not going to happen anymore.My opponent, on the other hand, has supported virtually every trade agreement that has been destroying our middle class. She supported NAFTA, and she supported Chinas entrance into the world trade organization. Another one of her husbands colossal mistakes and disasters. She supported the job killing trade deal with South Korea. She she supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership which will not only destroy our manufacturing but it will make America subject to the rulings of foreign governments. And it is not going to happen.I pledge to never sign any trade agreement that hurts our workers, or that diminishes our freedom and Independence. We will never ever sign bad trade deals. America first again. American first.Instead, I will make individual deals with individual countries. No longer will we enter into these massive transactions with many countries that are thousands of pages long and which no one from our country even reads or understands. We are going to enforce all trade violations against any country that cheats. This includes stopping Chinas outrageous theft of intellectual property, along with their illegal product dumping, and their devastating currency manipulation. They are the greatest that ever came about, they are the greatest currently manipulators ever.Our horrible trade agreements with China, and many others, will be totally renegotiated. That includes renegotiating NAFTA to get a much better deal for America and will walk away if we dont get that kind of a deal. Our country is going to start building and making things again.Next comes the reform of our tax laws, regulations and energy rules. While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican. Middle-income Americans will experience profound relief, and taxes will be greatly simplified for everyone. I mean everyone.America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into our country. Believe me. It will happen and it will happen fast.Then we are going to deal with the issue of regulation, one of the greatest job killers of them all. Excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $2 trillion a year, and we will end and it very quickly.We are going to lift the restrictions on the production of American energy. This will produce more than $20 trillion in job-creating economic activity over the next four decades.My opponent, on the other hand, wants to put the great miners and steelworkers of our country out of work and out of business. That will never happen with Donald J trump as president. Our steelworkers and are miners are going back to work again.With these new economic policies, trillions of dollars will start flowing into our country. This new wealth will improve the quality of life for all Americans. We will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, and the railways of our tomorrow. This, in turn, will create millions of more jobs.We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a safe school of their choice. My opponent would rather protect education bureaucrats than serve American children. That is what she is doing and that is what she has done.We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare. You will be able to choose your own doctor again.And we will fix TSA at the airports, which is a total disaster. Thank you.We are going to work with all of our students who are drowning in debt to take the pressure off these young people just starting out in their adult lives. Tremendous problems.We will completely rebuild our depleted military. And the countries that we protecting at a massive cost to us will be asked to pay their fair share.We will take care of our great veterans like they have never been taken care of before. My just-released 10 point plan has received tremendous better support. We will guarantee those who serve this country will be able to visit the doctor or hospital of their choice without waiting five days in a line and dying.My opponent dismissed the VA scandal, one more sign of how out of touch she really is.We are going to ask every department head and government to provide a list of wasteful spending projects that we can eliminate in my first 100 days. The politicians have talked about this for years, but Im going to do it.We are also going to appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold our laws and our constitution. The replacement of our beloved Justice Scalia will be a person of similar views, principles and judicial philosophies. Very important. This will be one of the most important issues decided by this election.My opponent wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. I, on the other hand, received the early and strong endorsement of the National Rifle Association. And will protect the right of all Americans to keep their families safe.At this moment, I would like to thank the evangelical community because, I will tell you what, the support they have given me  and Im not sure I totally deserve it  has been so amazing. And has been such a big reason Im here tonight. They have much to contribute to our policies.Yet our laws prevent you from speaking your mind from your own pulpits. An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson, many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views. Their voice has been taken away. I will work hard to repeal that language and to protect free speech for all Americans.We can accomplish these great things and so much more. All we need to do is start believing in ourselves a in our country again. Start believing. It is time to show the whole world that America is back, bigger and better and stronger than ever before.In this journey, Im so lucky to have at my side my wife Melania and my wonderful children Don, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, and Barron: You will always be my greatest source of pride and joy. And by the way, Melania and Ivanka, did they do a job?My dad, Fred Trump, was the smartest and hardest working man I ever knew. I wonder sometimes what hed say if he were here to see this tonight. Its because of him that I learned, from my youngest age, to respect the dignity of work and the dignity of working people.He was a guy most comfortable in the company of bricklayers, carpenters, and electricians and I have a lot of that in me also. I love those people.Then theres my mother, Mary. She was strong, but also warm and fair-minded. She was a truly great mother. She was also one of the most honest and charitable people I have ever known, and a great, great judge of character. She could pick them out from anywhere.To my sisters, Mary Anne and Elizabeth, my brother Robert and my late brother Fred, I will always give you my love. You are most special to me. I have loved my life in business.But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country, to go to work for you. It is time to deliver a victory for the American people. We dont win anymore, but we are going to start winning again. But to do that, we must break free from the petty politics of the past.America is a nation of believers, dreamers, and strivers that is being led by a group of censors, critics, and cynics. Remember: All of the people telling you you cant have the country you want, are the same people, that would not stand, I mean they said Trump does not have a chance of being here tonight, not a chance, the same people. We love defeating those people, dont we? Love it.No longer can we rely on those same people. In the media and politics who, will say anything to keep a rigged system in place. Instead, we must choose to believe in America.History is watching us now. Its we dont have much time. We dont have much time. Its waiting to see if we will rise to the occasion, and if we will show the whole world that America is still free and independent and strong.I am asking for your support tonight so that I can be year champion in the White House. And I will be a champion.Your champion.My opponent asks her supporters to recite a three-word loyalty pledge. It reads: Im with her.I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads: Im with you the American people.I am your voice. So to every parent who dreams for their child, and every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: Im with you, and I will fight for you, and I will win for you.To all Americans tonight, in all our cities and towns, I make this promise:We will make America strong again.We will make America proud again.We will make America safe again.And we will make America great again!God bless you and goodnight! I love you!Youve read 1 article in the last monthHere at Vox, we believe in helping everyone understand our complicated world, so that we can all help to shape it. Our mission is to create clear, accessible journalism to empower understanding and action.If you share our vision, please consider supporting our work by becoming a Vox Member. Your support ensures Vox a stable, independent source of funding to underpin our journalism. If you are not ready to become a Member, even small contributions are meaningful in supporting a sustainable model for journalism.Thank you for being part of our community.Swati SharmaVox Editor-in-ChiefMembershipMonthlyAnnualOne-time$5/month$10/month$25/month$50/monthOther$50/year$100/year$150/year$200/yearOther$25$50$100$250OtherJoin for $10/monthWe accept credit card, Apple Pay, and Google Pay. You can also contribute viaSee More: 2016 Presidential ElectionCriminal JusticeDonald TrumpPolicyPoliticsMore in this streamSee allDonald Trump has ushered in a whole new era of fact-checking in journalismBy Tara GolshanAmerica First: Donald Trumps slogan has a deeply bigoted backstoryBy Libby NelsonDonald Trump has no real answer for the collapsing US coal industryBy Brad PlumerMost Popular9 reasons Christopher Columbus was a murderer, tyrant, and scoundrelTake a mental break with the newest Vox crosswordWhat too much anger does to you  and how to stop itMemberExclusiveSign up for Voxs daily newsletterWhat went wrong with autism research? Lets start with lab mice.Today, ExplainedUnderstand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day.Email (required)Sign UpBy submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.Advertiser Content FromThis is the title for the native adMore in PoliticsFixing Social Security means raising taxes  and not just on the superrichTrump impressions are mostly bad. The Apprentice pulls it off.These California and Colorado ballot measures are terrifying themeatindustry1 woke teen vs. 20 Trump supporters: The new age of viral political videosBrett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett seem unsure whether to save a mans lifeWhy are political campaigns always guilt-tripping us to donate?PolicyOct 13Fixing Social Security means raising taxes  and not just on the superrichPoliticians need to get realistic about what it will take to protect Social Security.By Abdallah FayyadCultureOct 12MemberExclusiveTrump impressions are mostly bad. The Apprentice pulls it off.In the new movie, Sebastian Stans Trump is built of grievance and gilding.By Constance GradyFuture PerfectOct 10These California and Colorado ballot measures are terrifying themeatindustryIn Sonoma County and Denver, activists are putting animal welfare on the ballot.By Marina BolotnikovaCultureOct 101 woke teen vs. 20 Trump supporters: The new age of viral political videosViral debate videos have become inescapable online.By Kyndall CunninghamSupreme CourtOct 9Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett seem unsure whether to save a mans lifeIts unclear how the Supreme Court will resolve an unusually messy death penalty case.By Ian MillhiserExplain It to MeOct 9Why are political campaigns always guilt-tripping us to donate?And is there a better way to ask for money?By Nicole NareaAdvertiser Content FromThis is the title for the native adThe Latest9 minutes agoCities face daunting challenges. Mike Bloomberg wants to help them help each other.11:30 AM UTCMemberExclusiveAre Democrats really losing Latino voters?11:00 AM UTCNebraska is the only state with two abortion measures on the ballot. Confusion is the point.10:45 AM UTCMiscarriages are incredibly common. Abortion bans have made them less safe.10:00 AM UTCTa-Nehisi Coates on complexity, clarity, and truthAudio12:00 AM UTCThe present  and future  of the American leftVoxVox logoFacebookInstagramYoutubeRSSTikTokAbout usOur staffEthics & GuidelinesHow we make moneyContact usHow to pitch VoxNewslettersPrivacy NoticeTerms of UseCookie PolicyCookie SettingsLicensingAccessibilityPlatform StatusCareers 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved